hi I'm Anya welcome to my kitchen
today I'm going to share with you a
recipe for another pair of ghee those
are my favorite we call it pierogi
ruskie which would mean Russian puree
and they are made with pressed cottage
cheese onion and potatoes and again the
recipes from my mom let's have a look at
the ingredients so you know what you
I am starting with preparing my potatoes
I'm going to peel them off okay and then
I'm going to cut them in half just to
make them easier for a Pollock
Cayden in my large pot I added water and
some salt and now I'm adding my potatoes
and I'm going to be boiling them for
around half an hour until they are
tender and I'm going to be checking them
with the fork if they are easily sliding
off then means they are ready
okay so let's fish them out and then we
letting them cool a little bit so it's
easier to handle them and in the
meantime we take care of our onion I'm
going to chop it very finely okay and
then on my frying pan and adding around
two tablespoons of oil and then on a
medium medium heat I'm adding my onion
and I'll be cooking it for around five
minutes I think until it gets nice and
soft
in transparent and starts turn turning
cold here yeah that's how it looks like
when it's ready now my potatoes cool
down a little bit I don't want them to
be cold because then it's harder to
press them but they are still warm but
not burning and I'm pressing them
through my potato press and then I'm
pressing my cheese
and when this is ready I am transferring
everything into my larger mixing bowl
and then adding the onion
okay and now it's time for mixing here
we're going to be mixing it until all
its nicely incorporated
okay I'm checking for seasoning and then
adding salt and pepper
girag you'll scare I have to be nicely
salted not too much but they cannot be
not enough salted and they need pepper
as well I didn't put too much just
because I'm hoping Sebastian will eat
some but in the recipe you should you
should put more okay and then I'm
switching to work the staffing with my
hands okay and I'm working it until I'm
sure that everything is well mixed up
okay and then into my food processor
processor I'm adding my flour and I have
boiled water ready in my mag it's not
boiling hot but it's still warm I'm
adding a teaspoon of salt and now I'm
going to pulse it a little bit so the
salt will mix with the flour and when
this is ready slowly I'm going to be
adding the water watching what's
happening with the dough and when the
when the dough is forming a bowl and
then it's ready we don't need any more
water and I will check also if it's soft
enough and if it is soft enough then we
still wanna run it for around 1 minute
in the food processor processor so it
gets nice and elastic
here we go unchecking the fifth license
solved but it needs a 30 seconds 45
seconds more
okay when this is done in my large pod I
added water I'm adding a teaspoon of
salt and I want to bring it to boil
while I'm working on my dough okay so
this is half of the of the dough the
other half I packed up nicely in a
ziplock bag so it doesn't dry out go
it's nice and the last take you put some
flour if you need if it's a little bit
sticky put more flour but in my case it
was not sticking to the table and then
with the rolling pin we're going to be
rolling it and I think it should be
between one and two millimeters but it
does depends on what you like my mom
likes the match dinner I like them a
little bit thicker that's how my grandma
used to make a Rakhi but it's a lot of a
lot of rolling we go and from time to
time we want to flip the foot flip the
dough over so it doesn't stick to our
table
in from the half of the half half of the
dough it's going to be around 20 20 P
rock on my serving plate I'm putting
some flour because I'm going to be
putting my Parag either and I don't want
them to get stuck I have my stuffing
ready and right now with the glass I'm
cutting circles go when that's ready I'm
going to remove the remaining dough and
I'm going to stuff it in a little
ziplock bag so I can roll it again and
then have few more pierogies
now I have my knife scoop pick one
tablespoon size and I'm picking up my
dough stretching it a little bit
flipping it over so the site which was
laying on the table right now it's on
top so it's easier to close it it feels
better okay
and for this pillow gee I don't like to
have any decoration the pirogue it'll
scare for me looks best when they are
just simple like this okay and again
tbsp of stuffing and we stretching our
dough and sealing it don't put too much
of stuffing because if it touches the
edges then you won't be able to to seal
the pirogue now our bottom water it's
boiling so we're going to be to be
putting all our pirogue inside just make
sure that you don't crowd it too much
you need to have a big part
and then after that we need to give it a
gentle stir with the wooden spoon just
so they don't get stuck to the bottom of
the pot
okay and my plate I'm going to spray
with a nonstick spray and have it ready
for the pierogi when they float to the
top another 1 minute and they are ready
here we go and off they go
to the plate ok and here goes the last
one and right now we need to put some
some oil on top of our yogi I'm spraying
just a nonstick spray but my mom using a
brush and just brushing them you could
also use the batter if you prefer okay
and for serving I'm chopping up some
bacon and some onion into small pieces
here we go this is my best way of
serving it it's with with fried bacon
with some onion but you can just fry
simply buradu by themselves or you can
say serve them fresh from the water with
some sour cream okay now on my frying
pan I'm putting the bacon and I'm going
to be cooking it until it gets nice and
crisp
okay give it a stir from time to time so
it doesn't get stuck to your frying pan
and when the bacon is almost ready and
I'm adding my onion and now I'm going to
be cooking it until the onion turns kind
of golden brown and it's soft and
caramelized and then we just pour it
over our pierogi and voila that's how it
looks like I hope you enjoyed the recipe
and you give it a try let me know what
you think and I will see you next time
bye
you